---
layout: post
title:  "Blurb 2024"
date:   2024-09-16
categories: [friendship, nature]
tags: [beach, love, family]
---

ghostie14 has been friends with mimi since high school. They became friends
when they both needed a trusted confidante who would listen without judgement
no matter what. Over time their friendship had changed to include amazingly fun
adventures but their willingness to be there for each other in the worst of
times has not faded one bit. However, this doesn’t mean their friendship was
perfect.  For example, one time the weather was a bit windy and rainy and they
were meant to drive and see the beautiful northern California beaches. mimi was
still raring to go despite the weather. But ghostie14 was scared to go because
the weather combined with the narrow cliffside roads seemed dangerous at the
time so she convinced mimi to go to the Fairfield Suisin wildlife area instead.
When they arrived, there were none of northern California’s breathtaking waves,
beautiful beaches, amazing salty air, or outcroppings of rocks to climb.
Instead, they were greeted with stillness, a couple of fishermen idly fishing,
swampy grass that’s no fun to step in, and just a narrow unimaginative pathway
leading to the pier beside the river. To this day, it’s still their worst beach
trip ever and mimi loves the beach so much that she’s having a beachside
wedding so you can just imagine the extreme disappointment she felt. Luckily,
she’s marrying the love of her life who knows better than to steer her away
from her beloved beaches.

------

Machine translation into Icelandic from velthyding.is with formatting
and gender corrections from me.

ghostie14 hefur verið vinur Mimi frá því í menntaskóla. Þau urðu vinir þegar
þau þurftu bæði á traustum trúnaðarvini að halda sem hlustaði án dómgreindar
hvað sem á leið. Með tímanum hafði vinátta þeirra breyst í ótrúlega skemmtileg
ævintýri en vilji þeirra til að vera til staðar fyrir hvort annað á verstu
stundum hefur ekki dofnað að neinu leyti. Það þýðir þó ekki að vinátta þeirra
hafi verið fullkomin. Til dæmis var eitt sinn dálítið hvasst og rigning og þeim
var ætlað að keyra og skoða fallegar strendur Norður-Kaliforníu. Mimi var enn
að reyna að fara þrátt fyrir veðrið. En ghostie14 var hrædd við að fara því
veðrið ásamt þröngum klettabrúnum virtist hættulegt á þeim tíma svo hann
sannfærði Mimi um að fara frekar á Fairfield Suisin dýralífssvæðið. Þegar þau
komu á staðinn voru engar stórkostlegar öldur í Norður-Kaliforníu, fallegar
strendur, ótrúlegt saltloft eða grjóthnullungar til að klifra upp í. Þess í
stað var þeim fagnað með kyrrð, tveim sjómönnum að veiða í tómu tómi,
mýrargrasi sem er ekkert gaman að stíga inn í og bara þröngum ólýsanlegum stíg
sem liggur að bryggjunni við ána. Enn þann dag í dag er þetta versta fjöruferð
þeirra frá upphafi og Mimi elskar ströndina svo mikið að hún er að fara í
strandbrúðkaup svo þú getur rétt ímyndað þér hversu mikil vonbrigði hún fann
fyrir. Sem betur fer er hún að giftast ástinni í lífinu sem veit betur en að
stýra henni frá sínum elskuðu ströndum. 

## Information
Submitted March 10th, 2024
